# Dashboard User Guide

Welcome to the Dashboard User Guide. This guide will walk you through the process of uploading your data, running security analysis with DeepCASE , performing Manual and Semi-automatic analysis, and reviewing clusters in the Clusters View. Follow the steps below to make the most out of our dashboard.

## Getting Started

### Uploading Your CSV File

1. Navigate to the **Database page** on the dashboard.
2. Click the **Upload** button to select and upload your CSV file. 
   - Ensure your CSV file contains the specific columns required for analysis. The necessary columns are: **timestamp, machine, event, label**.
3. Once the file is uploaded, a new button labeled **Start Security Analysis** will appear.


### Starting Security Analysis with DeepCase

1. Click the **Start Security Analysis** button to begin the analysis of your data with DeepCASE. 
2. The analysis process may take a few minutes. Don't close the Database page while DeepCASE is running.
3. Once the analysis is complete, the status will be updated to indicate completion. 
4. In the dropdown on the top of page select a file to work with.
5. You are now ready to perform manual analysis or review the generated clusters.

## Manual Analysis

To perform manual analysis, follow the steps below:

1. Navigate to the **Manual Analysis** section through the side menu.
2. Select a cluster you want to analyse:
   - You can rename the cluster using the orange box on the top of the page.
   - Press **Change Cluster Name** when you finished
3. After selecting a cluster you would see the table of sequences:
   - Navigate to the sequence you want to review (or use **Choose next sequence** to review a random sequence).
   - The table below would show the **Context of the Sequence** with corresponding **attentions**.
4. In order to **Change Labels**:
   - Navigate to the desired sequence in the sequences table.
   - Type the correct value in the **Risk Label** column and press **Enter**.

## Semi-Automatic Analysis

To perform semi-automatic analysis, follow the steps below:

1. Verify that **Manual Analysis** is finished.
2. On the **Manual Page** press **Start Automatic Analysis**
3. Wait for the process to end (corresponding pop up would appear if the process is finished correctly).
4. Review the ML results via **Semi-Automatic** page.

## Reviewing Clusters

The Clusters View page allows you to review the clusters generated by DeepCase analysis.

1. Navigate to the **Clusters View** page from the dashboard menu.
2. Select a cluster you want to review via the corresponding dropdown.
3. The corresponding **Sequence table** would appear on the page.
4. Once the sequence is selected, you could see the corresponding context events in the appeared table.
5. On the bottom of the page you can find **Events Graph**:
   - Colored circle represents the sequence selected in the table

## Switch Between the Files

In order to switch between uploaded files perform the following steps:

1. Go to the **Database** page.
2. Select the necessary file using the dropdown menu.
3. Verify with the table below that the selected file corresponds the one to work on with.

